The Flamingo Grill is an upscale restaurant located in St. Petersburg, Florida. 

To help plan an advertising campaign for the coming season, Flamingo’s management team hired the advertising firm of Haskell & Johnson (HJ). 
The management team requested HJ’s recom- mendation concerning how the advertising budget should be distributed across television, radio, 
and online advertisements. 

The budget has been set at $279,000.

In a meeting with Flamingo’s management team, HJ consultants provided the following information about the industry exposure effectiveness 
rating per ad, their estimate of the number of potential new customers reached per ad, and the cost for each ad:

Advertising Media           Exposure Rating per Ad          New Customers per Ad            Cost per Ad
    Television                      90                              4,000                     $10,000
    Radio                           25                              2,000                     $3,000
    Online                          10                              1,000                     $1,000

The exposure rating is viewed as a measure of the value of the ad to both existing customers and potential new customers. 
It is a function of such things as image, message recall, visual and audio appeal, and so on. As expected, the more expensive television 
advertisement has the highest exposure effectiveness rating along with the greatest potential for reaching new customers.
At this point, the HJ consultants pointed out that the data concerning exposure and reach were only applicable to the first few ads in 
each medium. For television, HJ stated that the exposure rating of 90 and the 4000 new customers reached per ad were reliable for the 
first 10 television ads. After 10 ads, the benefit is expected to decline. For plan- ning purposes, HJ recommended reducing the exposure 
rating to 55 and the estimate of the potential new customers reached to 1500 for any television ads beyond 10. For radio ads, the 
preceding data are reliable up to a maximum of 15 ads. Beyond 15 ads, the exposure rating declines to 20 and the number of new customers 
reached declines to 1200 per ad. Similarly, for online ads, the preceding data are reliable up to a maximum of 20; the exposure rating 
declines to 5 and the potential number of new customers reached declines to 800 for additional ads.
Flamingo’s management team accepted maximizing the total exposure rating, across all media, as the objective of the advertising campaign. 

Because of management’s concern with attracting new customers, management stated that the advertising campaign must reach at least 
100,000 new customers. To balance the advertising campaign and make use of all advertising media, Flamingo’s management team also 
adopted the following guidelines:
    ● Use at least twice as many radio advertisements as television advertisements.
    ● Use no more than 20 television advertisements.
    ● The television budget should be at least $140,000.
    ● The radio advertising budget is restricted to a maximum of $99,000.
    ● The online budget is to be at least $30,000.
    
HJ agreed to work with these guidelines and provide a recommendation as to how the $279,000 advertising budget should be allocated 
among television, radio, and online advertising.